here in this land
how much child support she getting from
the king pays no child support no child
support for 30 years and you came back
use a dummy
here we go hello i am hakeem jaffer king
of zumunda
he's supposed to be like the prince of
wakanda wakanda is a fictional place not
everybody so munda is a very real nation
i don't need no
[Applause]
and my mom's and his moms
children this is your brother hey kwai
i'm sorry i slept with your man this
happened before we even met it's not
like you're the first man i've ever been
with
i haven't what did you just say about
the other men coming to
a woman isn't allowed to lose amunda
it's the law did it ever occur to you
that megan wanted to be your heir
would you dare banish me from my own
bedroom
[Applause]
you must be strong and general izzy
would love nothing more than to take
over zamunda raise it higher
[Laughter]
put your hands together like that say it
again
i must admit your style is far into my
kingdom but it's impressive
that's right there you go let me hear
you say hey ho hey ho
no don't do that that's my mother oh
don't you say no not to his mother
almost ready to become a prince almost
it is time
ceremonial circumcision queen's powers
they ain't gonna sharpen you too nephew
you've been using 10 years why'd you
start come on
i'm wood i work in treatment
this could be a fresh start for us
then go
don't worry you're not in trouble it's
not easy to ask for help
that's why it is the greatest privilege
in my life
to help you change yours we are a family
i'm going to let you in on a little
secret
since 2008 every health care provider
needs to cover substance abuse treatment
this is what we in the treatment
industry call a gold rush
so how much are they paying you
tina bonafide first timer he's not
making a dollar
hey man how can i get in utah
welcome to the team
hello this is the addiction services
center
what is this is the american injury
they go to treatment you get the kick
back and then they get a piece
that's it it's capitalism baby
a lot of what i do is not pretty these
people
they're gonna get high regardless
[Music]
sobriety is a long
slow process utah some are lucky enough
to make it
but most aren't hey utah
you're gonna give me my money
well i have never seen anyone look so
miserable counting money
there's not a lot of people that make
something of themselves
how do you feel yeah we have a winner
we're partners man we trust you
[Music]
that's great i'm going to place you on a
breeze this made nine grand in two
minutes
god is great
[Music]
my batoon day i desola johnson was born
on december 30th
2002. his parents and friends called him
tunde
tandy how are you tunde on the night of
may 28th
2020 tunde johnson departed this site
oh
[Music]
i'm black and gay and even those two
hate each other
people like sauron don't end up with
people like you
they end up with girls like me i watch
you hurt her every day
sorry okay i worry about how people
would treat me if they knew
he's gay no he likes me
what are you talking about
have you ever been stopped by the police
did something happen
you comply you stay silent your life
is more important than your pride
suffering like death is guaranteed in
fact the only thing equal
about us really is we all hurt the same
[Music]
you do whatever it takes to get home
leaving safely
[Music]
i don't know what's real anymore
good evening
[Music]
oh wait you're just a civilian now
mr james ford general ryan's requesting
your
inimitable counsel no
he's offered to reinstate you
the top four hours ago the crew of the
vander made first contact
stay there
they believe we're on still
in the event of first contact humanity
must strike first
to ensure the continued survival
of our species operation
cosmic sin is now a go
not there because of space gate
they can bring their army here
what's the status of the cuba if we want
to launch the cue bomb
we need to get into orbit suit's up
that's something huh we didn't know
whether to burn it we put in a museum
i'm sure they said the same thing about
me
if we leave that door open we're gonna
charge in
we can make this the kill box
i'm not gonna wait for them to bring the
fight to us
we're gonna take it to them what we do
here
is easy
the hard part is living with it
[Music]
foreign
who is this we have to get out of here
hello jonathan this
is our future where am i
why don't you show the new guy how it
works please
i can't do it again all right i'll help
[Music]
the governments have been using your
fears to control the population they're
weaponizing fear
[Applause]
[Music]
let's get you hooked up
we need to get out of this place
[Music]
i have through dreaming and waking up
lived
thousands of different lifetimes
there are fundamental metaphors about
reality
waking up from a dream we have this
cognitive
experience of shifting between realities
there's another world behind this world
[Music]
okay so this is going to set the tenor
for
everything
we are living in a computer-programmed
reality
simulation theory is the idea that this
is all fake
the matrix was real we are being
inhabited by
some sort of player i would start giving
myself tests
i'm thinking of someone and i turn the
corner and there they are
the only clue we have is when some
alteration in our reality occurs
we are living in a simulation okay so
what do i do with that
i don't know enjoy it simulation theory
it's a blending of religion
in science this is a way to deal with
the complexity of human existence
what's the point of laws what's the
point of all this this is what it feels
like
to be alive right now the inability to
separate
real world from digital realities a
world without rules controls
before real to me because it's a game
there's a lot of very dark horses on the
horizon
there are things that are trying to
manipulate me this world is capable of
falling apart
somebody's got to be putting their hand
on the scale the creator
of the game
tell me about alice don't say that name
to me
do wishes come true yeah wishes come
true i wished for you and you came true
what's she like empty eyes like she's
missing a soul
are we gonna go home we don't have a
home anymore and
we need to get used to that
why are you telling me this because that
boy is all that i have left
i'm here to rescue my son i have no idea
what you're capable of
people come and go all the time here
alice we don't ask and
they don't need to tell uh carol comes
from a very powerful family
where is he now
something's coming go get my grandson
bring him home
he was a man out there in the field
we're not safe are we
no there are a lot of good people here
and i don't want to see him hurt i'm
sorry
no you're not
[Music]
i caused this that man out there is
cruel
and sadistic something that ugly doesn't
deserve to be in this world anymore
we'll find you but i have to try
[Music]
[Applause]
alice where are you
away
[Music]
how was work yeah they're really cool i
mean
mainly woman mostly white
i think you should have a good girls
night
[Music]
you two beautiful ladies wanna dance
i think we should go to the hospital
uh i'm sorry but we're not going to be
able to conduct the
examination
how are you i don't really remember much
[Applause]
you guys don't have rape kids
actually we suggest that you go to
bryson conn you're on the list
we drove all the way here
why is this so important to you come on
no seriously why
don't we need to figure out what
happened to you
my name is catherine black you may think
that i'm a materialistic narcissistic
self-absorbed misdemeanor
i don't deny it i'm a hedge fund manager
i'm addicted to fashion the accumulation
of money exercise
and sex my life is incredible
hi i have an appointment about running
the room
nice digs you got a plastic mustang
your lift every single day
i had a soft spot for him who knew
i hadn't felt a soft spot for anything
since i was six
very sexy
don't get carried away keep your focus
on the task at hand how did i not see it
coming
you thieving little twit
oh i have to pull myself together i
think i'm going to disembowel this kid
and kill him
you get the car i'm taking the car back
i think i really like this girl
[Music]
i really think we can make this work
you stole from me you're crazy
[Music]
what's up curling iron you can do what
exactly with that huh
okay baby
really escalated i'm madly in love with
you i really appreciate that
there's no need to escalate this to the
point of no return that's subjective
sweetheart
[Music]
can we take a water break that'd be nice
maybe we should get married
[Music]
foreign
because
wow
oh you need to
[Music]
i go there in my dreams everything just
as it was
and it's the strangest thing you are
there
always waiting for me
dear god i miss you
i've only been married five minutes and
look at me i'm
like a whale no i've never seen you more
beautiful
i mean you do make it look terribly easy
can i touch it
if you really want to
[Music]
please don't be angry i would hate to
spoil this for you
[Music]
victor and i we play our rules but i'm
alone
and so is he he's thinking of her
and i think of you it doesn't deserve
you
i know but the children they do
this is how we live an entire country
doing what it
lisa must both married to jews aren't
you scared
[Music]
i know how much you mean to each other
you're taking her away
you can't stay
i will come and find you
pulled into the future but yeah for the
past
because you know what you want
[Music]
the house on the hill those bright
foolish days
the old friend who loved you too much
perhaps in the end you choose to forget
or do you remember it still this is her
one with the jew husband i longed for
you
ached for you in every nerve and muscle
can't i ride to my friends
[Music]
you